once the vision statement is explained and understood, the focus shifts to writing user stories

technical officer on client side and the scrum team collect inputs from the stakeholder and make a list of
required features categorizing them into modules. the technical officer arranges for a user story writing
workshop with all the 5 scrum teams. here is the first story written based on the product cancellation feature.

"As a EasyGrab online customer who has booked a product, i want to cancel my product booking, so that i
can receive refund"

what are user stories?
short, simple desriptions of a feature told from the prespective of the business user who
desires the new capability. to implement the above example story, we need know the following

what is the logic for cancellation and refund?

components of user story
1. card
2. confirmation
3. conversation

card:
user stories are often written on index cards or sticky notes and arranged on walls or tables to facilitate
planning and discussion.

confirmation:
eash user story has a set of acceptance criteria provided by the product owner in consultation with the
development team, tagged to it. there should be meet for the user story to be considered as "done"

  1. verify that there is user, product and purchase authentication before cancellation
  2. verify that product price is refunded without any deduction to the payment source
  3. verify that confirmation email is send to the customer
  4. verify that the stock is updated for the product
  
 converation:
 development team should have conversation with the product owner in understanding the expectations
 about the user story before implementing it.
 
 when and who writes user stories?
 In general, a workshop lasting from a few hours to a few days where a diverse team comprising of product 
 owner, development team, scrum master collectively brainstorms desired buiness value and creates user
 story placeholders for what the product or service is supposed to do. user stories can be written and refined
 by anyone of them however, the final call on the story is on the product owner. user stories can be
 groomed and written across the sprint.
 
